DataGrid Remote Reordering demo: add dropFeedbackMode (#674)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/DataGrid/RemoteReordering/description.md

This demo shows how to use drag and drop to reorder records stored on the server. This functionality requires that records' order indexes are in an individual data field (`OrderIndex` in this demo) and sorted against that field.

> Row drag and drop is configured in the [rowDragging][5] object. Set [allowReordering][2] to **true** to enable this feature. To specify the highlight mode of the row's drop position, use the [dropFeedbackMode][6] property. In this demo, it is set to *"push"*: rows move apart with animation to highlight the new position of a row.

Reviewer: Can you clarify what you mean by "rows move apart with animation"? If possible, I'd like to see this in action. :)

Author: @albertov05 
"rows move apart with animation" in the following demo when a user drags a row: https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/DataGrid/RemoteReordering/jQuery/Light/

Reviewer: Thank you. Based on my understanding of the demo, rows seem to move either up or down to create a space to position the row. What do you think about the following suggestion?

`In this demo, it is set to *"push"*: rows move up or down with animation to create space for the new position of the row.`

> Row drag and drop is configured in the [rowDragging][5] object. Set [allowReordering][2] to **true** to enable this feature. To specify the highlight mode of the row's drop position, use the [dropFeedbackMode][6] property. When a row is dropped, the [onReorder][0] event handler is called. Use it to update the record's `OrderIndex` on the server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Row drag and drop is configured in the [rowDragging][5] object. Set [allowReordering][2] to **true** to enable this feature. To specify the highlight mode of the row's drop position, use the [dropFeedbackMode][6] property. In this demo, it is set to *"push"*: rows move apart with animation to highlight the new position of a row.
```

> In this demo, we set **dropFeedbackMode** to *"push"* so that rows could move apart with animation to highlight the new position of a row. We also used the **onReorder** function's `toIndex` parameter to obtain the position at which a user dropped the row. The position is then used to get the new order index. The store's [update][1] method sends this index to the server where the records are sorted and returned to the client. Server-side implementation is available in the [ASP.NET Core][3] and [ASP.NET MVC 5][4] versions of this demo under the `DataGridRowReorderingController.cs` tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a row is dropped, the [onReorder][0] event handler is called. Use it to update the record's `OrderIndex` on the server. In this demo, we use the **onReorder** function's `toIndex` parameter to obtain the position at which a user dropped the row. The position is then used to get the new order index. The store's [update][1] method sends this index to the server where the records are sorted and returned to the client. Server-side implementation is available in the [ASP.NET Core][3] and [ASP.NET MVC 5][4] versions of this demo under the `DataGridRowReorderingController.cs` tab.
```
